Hey everyone.
So, just so you can see a true, real life example,
here is an actual user persona that we use at SoundCloud.
Her name is Becky and she's a mainstream music listener.
So you can see that we have her name,
we have a little bit about her, like what type of phone
she uses and what type of music listening habits she has,
and then we have some preferences on how much she likes technology, or what type of listening she really likes to do.
So if we were doing this with our eBay example,
we would do something like this, but we would focus it
on selling things on eBay rather than listening to music.
For instance, we may want to make a persona for
users that find cool stuff at local garage sales and
sell those items on eBay for a living.
We could call this user persona Jessica, maybe,
and say that Jessica is typically between the ages of
20 and 50, loves antique shopping and garage sales,
and relies on eBay to make a living.
The most important thing to her could be that she is
able to quickly list multiple items that she found
at antique shows on eBay, and then manage all of those
multiple listings at once easily from her computer.
So that's an overview of user personas.
And, like I mentioned, UX designers are going to be the people that are making these most of the time in your company,
but you need to be very aware of these people
as a product manager.
When you make your user personas, make sure they have
a name, a sketch or a photo, and a description about
what is most important to them about your product, what they want to be able to do easily, and anything else you think is useful.
So, if you want, take a moment and make a few simple user personas yourself and share the personas with
the rest of the students in the course form below.
All right, that's it for this one.
I'll see you all in the next lecture.